I'm not kidding you man
hey guys so for last couple of weeks
I've been noticing a homeless guy
hanging around just local shopping
centers that live next to and from what
people have told me is that he's a nice
and respectable guy so today I'm gonna
make him think that he just won the
lottery I'm gonna give him the supposed
winning lottery ticket take him to the
store and see how much money is won from
this ticket but little does he know is
that this is a losing lottery ticket and
the store clerk is in on it hope you
guys enjoyed the video listen man I
don't really have any money to give you
but I do have this winning lottery
ticket I don't really know how much I
wan I can give this to you okay yeah I
could take you to the store and we could
get this cash how's that sound
let's do this brother
I just want to see if we won
guess what
you want $1,000
oh man are you kidding me I'm not
getting a man
okay good luck
on the Shareef red ah come on that's all
yours man
sure no that's all yours land me it's
all good you earned it you won the
hotter a man
here
well let's get out of here
I've been doing this for a long time
prayin has 280 what you just did